---
title: Secret Spreadsheet
permalink: /challenge/W0076/
---

{% include incomplete_challenge.html %}

<div style="display:none;" id="walkthrough-content" markdown="1">

### Briefing: 
Recruit, we've stumbled upon something. We think it might really help in getting us closer to the Chiquitoos' plan to steal the shipment of Cola. They've created a spreadsheet listing all the containers they intend to target. Luckily for us, they've posted it online for other gang members to see and update. But, of course, being the clever cyber criminals they are, they've put it behind a particularly clever password system.

If you visit the page where it exists the ciphered password is there but it changes every two seconds; too fast for us to decipher and use. One of our engineers has been working on a Python script to try and get around it. Have a look at the script and see if you can make some changes to get it working.

**Tip:** Run the correct script to get the flag.

### Hint:
We believe the password starts with "Cola" and ends in numbers and upper or lower case characters.
Here is the corrected code: 
import urllib.request

# Define the URL of the page with the password
page_url = "http://www.chiquitooenterprise.com/password"

# Fetch the password from the page
with urllib.request.urlopen(page_url) as response:
    password = response.read().decode('utf-8')

# Reverse the password
reversed_password = password[::-1]

# Construct the URL with the reversed password
login_url = "http://www.chiquitooenterprise.com/password?code=" + reversed_password

# Send a request to log in with the reversed password
with urllib.request.urlopen(login_url) as response:
    login_response = response.read()

# Print the response from the login attempt
print(login_response.decode('utf-8'))


### How to Solve: 
1. Incomplete

</div>
